I'd be more frightened by not using whatever abilities I'd been given. I'd be more frightened by procrastination and laziness.
Laziness is nothing more than the habit of resting before you get tired.
A life of leisure and a life of laziness are two things. There will be sleeping enough in the grave.
Laziness is a secret ingredient that goes into failure. But it's only kept a secret from the person who fails.
Laziness. Unwarranted repose of manner in a person of low degree.
We often miss opportunity because it's dressed in overalls and looks like work.
Progress isn't made by early risers. It's made by lazy men trying to find easier ways to do something.
Inspiration is a guest that does not willingly visit the lazy.
Procrastination is my sin. It brings me naught but sorrow. I know that I should stop it. In fact, I will--tomorrow.
The problem with procrastination is it’s been around since the beginning of time it seems.
There is a great volcano sleeping in every laziness!
Laziness is when your sleep overcomes your passion, not under the influence of drugs but under the control of excuses and procrastination!
Laziness is a killer of our time.
As soon as laziness conquers a man, he will completely forget about the value of time.
The last shall not become the first if the last is lagging behind.
We may regard certain days as free days. Free days are however fee days. We will pay later.
True blessing comes in the dress of sweats, never delaying to wave bye to the excuses and procrastination. True blessing lies in hard work!
It's always easier to take something than work for it...
Laziness is always your fault. It is the sign that a man has persevered in uselessness for too long.
Stop sleeping, Get to work! You will have much time to sleep when you die.
Success is reserved for you if you persevere; it's not deserved by you if you are indolent!
Laziness demands misery.
Laziness - The laziness of adolescence is a rehearsal for the incapacity of old age.
Don’t be lazy. Hard work brings happiness. There is no other time to avoid being a lazy. Take that decision now. Kick laziness out.
There is always time to die, but never time to live.
Waiting patiently for the fattest bone is a dog's lifestyle.
The way I see it: Why get out of bed when you can read about people who got out of bed?
It all starts with you, and that which never starts, also finishes with you.
As we become soft and lazy in our bodies, we tend to become soft and lazy spiritually.
Some folks can look so busy doing nothing that they seem indispensable.
Laziness is a luxurious mindset that I can not afford to own.
The problem with spiritual procrastination is the uncertain time of the deadline.
